Hello Dear Teodor,

I will make a quick tutorial to you.


I'm sorry for not being able to give a voice presentation right now because 
I have the flu, my voice is terrible and my throat hurts so much that I can't speak.

As you can see, there are menubar and toolbar at the top of the GUI. 

Under the File menu in the menubar,
▶ "New" option to open a new file
▶ "Open" option where you can open .py files
▶ "Save" and "Save As" options you will use to save your files
▶ As you can see, here we can see historical files that I have opened, written or saved before. If you wish, you can delete them with the "Clear Recent Files" option.


By the way, if you run any file you wrote without saving it, it will run by saving it as tmp3.py. 

Under the edit menu,
▶ I don't need to explain the purpose of the buttons here, I think it's clear what they are from their names.

Let's talk about the toolbar. You can drag the toolbar to the desired edge. Up to you. 

If we talk about the contents of the toolbar;
Along with those in the "New File", "Open File", "Save" and "Save as" file menu. I will explain the Run and Stop buttons shortly.

These three buttons you see here,

▶ "Refresh Port"  You will not need to press this button in the general operation of the GUI because I have taken the necessary precautions, but it may be necessary to use it manually. Here I will explain in detail.

▶ "Refresh Browser" updates the browser section on the left side of the GUI, and I will tell you when to use it.

▶ "Change Port" Here you can change the port you will use with localhost. You can use this option when the port is not responding in any way. I didn't need to use it at all, but I wanted to put it as a precaution.
As you can see here, the active port appears here, and you can copy the active port by pressing this button.

▶ Finally, with the open template button, you can open the sample files you have placed in the templates folder and perform operations on them.

Okay, now let's do an example.


Let's open the file named >>loginInstagramAccount<< through the input dialog that appears on the screen by pressing the "Open Template" button. This code is a code I wrote to automatically enter my instagram account. Let's run the code directly.

And as you can see, the browser part has renewed itself and brought a link to the screen. You can see the relevant page by clicking this link.


Great! Now I will tell you how to use this application with your own codes. First of all, I open the templateSelenium code by clicking the "Open template" button. I will explain through this code.

Actually, this code is required to connect the Browser and the IDE. So when you write your own code, you have to use these lines of code.



I'll start with the PORT variable. As you can see this variable is equal to a 4-digit number. And as you can see the LOCALHOST PORT at the bottom right: 1222 is a 4-digit number and is exactly the same for both.

First of all, you should know that the Browser section is waiting for browsers opened on port 1222. When I run the code, the browser will refresh and open instagram.com.

Now let's change the port number. With the "Change Port" button, I can change the port number used by the browser to the 4-digit number I want. Let's say it's 5555. If we run it this way, there will be no change in the Browser part.

You ask why?

Because while the code opens the browser on port 1222, the application monitors port 5555.

!!!!!SO THE PORT NUMBERS IN THE BROWSER AND THE CODE MUST ALWAYS BE THE SAME. !!!Localhost port: The 4-digit number next to the label is actually a button, you can copy the active port number by clicking here. Next, you should give this value to the PORT variable in the code.

paste it with control + v
5555

And let's try again.


Worked.

That's it, you can run every code you add with this 4 lines of code with this application. I hope you develop great apps and use them for many years. :)

Last of all, you have not to use class you can write the code like that 


thanks for watching
